com/r4/Course.java
 com.r4.Course
com/r4/StudentFragment.java
 com.r4.StudentFragment
 com.r4.StudentFragment$OnStudentListener
com/r4/MenuPresenter.java
 com.r4.MenuPresenter
com/r4/LoginView.java
 com.r4.LoginView
com/r4/BuildConfig.java
 com.r4.BuildConfig
com/r4/RegisterProject.java
 com.r4.RegisterProject
 com.r4.RegisterProject$1
com/dao/CourseDAO.java
 com.dao.CourseDAO
com/r4/databinding/FragmentItemBinding.java
 com.r4.databinding.FragmentItemBinding
com/memorydao/InitializerMemory.java
 com.memorydao.InitializerMemory
com/r4/MenuViewModel.java
 com.r4.MenuViewModel
com/r4/databinding/ActivitySignUpBinding.java
 com.r4.databinding.ActivitySignUpBinding
com/dao/RequestDAO.java
 com.dao.RequestDAO
com/r4/RequestFragment.java
 com.r4.RequestFragment
 com.r4.RequestFragment$OnRequestListener
com/r4/CreateTeam.java
 com.r4.CreateTeam
 com.r4.CreateTeam$1
com/r4/Team.java
 com.r4.Team
com/memorydao/RequestMemory.java
 com.memorydao.RequestMemory
com/memorydao/TeamMemory.java
 com.memorydao.TeamMemory
com/r4/MyTeamFragment.java
 com.r4.MyTeamFragment
 com.r4.MyTeamFragment$OnMyTeamListener
com/r4/MyTeams.java
 com.r4.MyTeams
com/dao/TeamDAO.java
 com.dao.TeamDAO
com/r4/CreateTeamView.java
 com.r4.CreateTeamView
com/r4/EditInfo.java
 com.r4.EditInfo
 com.r4.EditInfo$1
 com.r4.EditInfo$2
 com.r4.EditInfo$3
com/r4/LoginScreen.java
 com.r4.LoginScreen
 com.r4.LoginScreen$1
 com.r4.LoginScreen$2
com/memorydao/ProjectMemory.java
 com.memorydao.ProjectMemory
com/r4/databinding/ActivityMenuBinding.java
 com.r4.databinding.ActivityMenuBinding
com/r4/TeamFragment.java
 com.r4.TeamFragment
 com.r4.TeamFragment$OnInteractionListener
com/r4/TeamRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.r4.TeamRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.r4.TeamRecyclerViewAdapter$1
 com.r4.TeamRecyclerViewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/r4/SignUpViewStub.java
 com.r4.SignUpViewStub
com/r4/CreateTeamPresenter.java
 com.r4.CreateTeamPresenter
com/memorydao/StudentMemory.java
 com.memorydao.StudentMemory
com/r4/MyTeamRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.r4.MyTeamRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.r4.MyTeamRecyclerViewAdapter$1
 com.r4.MyTeamRecyclerViewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/r4/SignUpView.java
 com.r4.SignUpView
com/r4/databinding/FragmentItem2Binding.java
 com.r4.databinding.FragmentItem2Binding
com/r4/MenuView.java
 com.r4.MenuView
com/r4/TeamOverview.java
 com.r4.TeamOverview
com/r4/databinding/FragmentItem3Binding.java
 com.r4.databinding.FragmentItem3Binding
com/r4/CreateTeamViewStub.java
 com.r4.CreateTeamViewStub
com/r4/RegisterProjectPresenter.java
 com.r4.RegisterProjectPresenter
com/r4/databinding/ActivityCreateTeamBinding.java
 com.r4.databinding.ActivityCreateTeamBinding
com/r4/databinding/FragmentItem4Binding.java
 com.r4.databinding.FragmentItem4Binding
com/r4/SignUpPresenter.java
 com.r4.SignUpPresenter
com/r4/EditInfoPresenter.java
 com.r4.EditInfoPresenter
com/memorydao/CourseMemory.java
 com.memorydao.CourseMemory
com/r4/databinding/ActivityTeamOverviewBinding.java
 com.r4.databinding.ActivityTeamOverviewBinding
com/r4/EditInfoView.java
 com.r4.EditInfoView
com/r4/LoginPresenter.java
 com.r4.LoginPresenter
com/r4/CreateTeamViewModel.java
 com.r4.CreateTeamViewModel
com/r4/SignUpViewModel.java
 com.r4.SignUpViewModel
com/r4/EditInfoViewModel.java
 com.r4.EditInfoViewModel
com/r4/RegisterProjectViewModel.java
 com.r4.RegisterProjectViewModel
com/r4/databinding/FragmentItemList2Binding.java
 com.r4.databinding.FragmentItemList2Binding
com/r4/EditInfoViewStub.java
 com.r4.EditInfoViewStub
com/r4/databinding/ActivityRegisterProjectBinding.java
 com.r4.databinding.ActivityRegisterProjectBinding
com/r4/Evaluation.java
 com.r4.Evaluation
com/r4/StudentRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.r4.StudentRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.r4.StudentRecyclerViewAdapter$1
 com.r4.StudentRecyclerViewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/r4/RegisterProjectViewStub.java
 com.r4.RegisterProjectViewStub
com/r4/RequestRecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.r4.RequestRecyclerViewAdapter
 com.r4.RequestRecyclerViewAdapter$1
 com.r4.RequestRecyclerViewAdapter$2
 com.r4.RequestRecyclerViewAdapter$ViewHolder
com/dao/ProjectDAO.java
 com.dao.ProjectDAO
com/r4/SearchResults.java
 com.r4.SearchResults
com/r4/databinding/ActivityMessagesBinding.java
 com.r4.databinding.ActivityMessagesBinding
com/dao/StudentDAO.java
 com.dao.StudentDAO
com/r4/LoginScreenViewModel.java
 com.r4.LoginScreenViewModel
com/r4/Messages.java
 com.r4.Messages
com/r4/databinding/FragmentItemList3Binding.java
 com.r4.databinding.FragmentItemList3Binding
com/r4/databinding/FragmentItemListBinding.java
 com.r4.databinding.FragmentItemListBinding
com/r4/RegisterProjectView.java
 com.r4.RegisterProjectView
com/r4/databinding/ActivitySearchResultsBinding.java
 com.r4.databinding.ActivitySearchResultsBinding
com/r4/databinding/FragmentItemList4Binding.java
 com.r4.databinding.FragmentItemList4Binding
com/r4/Account.java
 com.r4.Account
com/dao/Initializer.java
 com.dao.Initializer
com/r4/LoginViewStub.java
 com.r4.LoginViewStub
com/r4/databinding/ActivityEditInfoBinding.java
 com.r4.databinding.ActivityEditInfoBinding
com/r4/Student.java
 com.r4.Student
com/r4/Request.java
 com.r4.Request
com/r4/Project.java
 com.r4.Project
com/r4/databinding/ActivityMyTeamsBinding.java
 com.r4.databinding.ActivityMyTeamsBinding
com/r4/SignUp.java
 com.r4.SignUp
 com.r4.SignUp$1
com/dao/AccountDAO.java
 com.dao.AccountDAO
com/memorydao/AccountMemory.java
 com.memorydao.AccountMemory
com/r4/databinding/ActivityLoginScreenBinding.java
 com.r4.databinding.ActivityLoginScreenBinding
com/r4/Menu.java
 com.r4.Menu
 com.r4.Menu$1
 com.r4.Menu$2
 com.r4.Menu$3
 com.r4.Menu$4
 com.r4.Menu$5
com/r4/MenuViewStub.java
 com.r4.MenuViewStub
